Here is what is revolting.
we see our make money
highway being applied on oxen and farm
on paved airplane runway in car
luxury while Brazil walks by water
below
and so goes our largest thicket
soybean producer santarém o porto
places, the soybean highway has to
transamazônica 163 is like that here
five days truck would have fallen
We understand we're getting now and
down the machine there the excavator and
Let's take it while the guys fight there.
In Brazil with strike to download
fuel things but here also fight
my brother here the difficult fight too
and I'll tell you, housewife, do you have
at home watching these strikes
watching the whole meeting if a
truck driver because the truck driver
Brazilian movement and it is not the simple
homeless people posted on
facebook that the driver gets vagabond
All year locked roadside is not
we are just a hobo
workers do not want the
people look after us so we can stop
to a just stop to be able to
adjust these prices that have no condition
working because after tomorrow will
missing milk on the side
only it will not be for strike will not
missing milk in the windrow why the
No truck name will handle
but to run the situation the way it is
Big company will break and will stay
only the old trucks are removed